Onboarding wiz (#147)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/integrations/AWS-Integration/aws-cur.md

Cost and Usage Reports (CUR) have replaced Detailed Billing in AWS. CloudWisdom recommends switching to (or starting with) a CUR setup instead of using AWS Detailed Billing.

{{% notice tip %}}

> Already have an existing Cost and Usage Report set up? Great! Simply copy the Report Path Prefix of your existing CUR and skip to part 2 of this guide.

Reviewer: Same as the other page:
```suggestion
Already have an existing Cost and Usage Report with GZIP or ZIP compression set up? Great! You can skip this section. You'll need to provide your CUR's Report Path Prefix at a later stage in this setup.
```

> Already have an existing Cost and Usage Report set up? Great! Simply copy the Report Path Prefix of your existing CUR and skip to part 2 of this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already have an existing Cost and Usage Report with GZIP or ZIP compression set up? Great! Simply copy the Report Path Prefix of your existing CUR and skip to part 2 of this guide.
```
